---
layout: post
title:  "Tabacón"
author: slayerofallx 
categories: [ La Fortuna, Viajes, Termales ]
image: assets/images/5-Hot-Springs-ret.jpg
---

Tabacón Hot Springs is a stunning destination located in the heart of the Arenal Volcano National Park in La Fortuna, Costa Rica. This beautiful resort offers visitors the opportunity to enjoy natural hot springs, surrounded by lush vegetation and the breathtaking views of the Arenal Volcano.

However, due to its popularity, getting into Tabacón Hot Springs can be a bit of a challenge. Visitors are required to make a reservation in advance to secure their spot, which can be difficult during peak travel seasons. But don't worry, there are ways to increase your chances of getting in, especially in the evening.

One of the best times to visit Tabacón Hot Springs is in the evening. This is because most visitors tend to visit the hot springs during the day, which means that the resort tends to be less crowded in the evening. Additionally, as the sun sets and the temperature drops, the hot springs become more inviting, making it a more popular time to visit.


If you don't have a reservation and are hoping to get in, arriving early in the evening is your best bet. This will give you the opportunity to wait in line and potentially secure a spot once the Night Pass becomes available.

It's important to note that while your chances of getting into Tabacón Hot Springs may be higher in the evening, there is no guarantee that you will get in. The resort has a capacity limit, and once that limit is reached, no more visitors will be allowed in until others leave.


Tabacón Hot Springs is an experience like no other, and while the price tag may seem steep($80.23 just to use the hot springs), it is worth every penny. The resort offers visitors access to some of the most beautiful natural hot springs in the world, surrounded by stunning scenery and lush vegetation. The hot springs are naturally heated by the Arenal Volcano,providing the perfect environment to relax and unwind.


Visitors to Tabacón can spend the whole day relaxing and enjoying the many amenities on offer. The resort is the perfect place to unwind and escape from the stresses of everyday life, and the natural beauty of the surroundings make it an unforgettable experience.

So, while the price of entry to Tabacón may seem high, the experience it offers is priceless. From the beautiful natural hot springs to the delicious food, Tabacón is a must-visit destination in Costa Rica. So, if you're looking for a relaxing and rejuvenating getaway, pack your bags and head over to Tabacón Hot Springs, you won't be disappointed!


In conclusion, Tabacón Hot Springs is a must-visit destination in La Fortuna, Costa Rica. While it can be challenging to secure a reservation, there are ways to increase your chances of getting in, especially in the evening. So, pack your swimwear and head over to Tabacón Hot Springs for an unforgettable experience!

