---
layout: post
title:  "Baldi"
author: slayerofallx 
categories: [ La Fortuna, Viajes, Termales ]
image: assets/images/baldi.jpg
---

Baldi Hot Springs is a popular destination located in La Fortuna, Costa Rica. This stunning resort offers visitors access to a range of hot springs, pools, and waterfalls, surrounded by lush vegetation and stunning views of the Arenal Volcano.

One of the main attractions at Baldi Hot Springs is the many hot spring pools. There are over 25 different pools, each with a different temperature, allowing visitors to find the perfect spot to relax and unwind. The pools range from 93 to 152 degrees Fahrenheit, providing the perfect environment to soak in the therapeutic waters and relieve any aches and pains.

In addition to the hot spring pools, Baldi also offers a range of other amenities, including waterslides, a kids' pool, a swim-up bar, and a beautiful restaurant serving delicious food and drinks.

One of the unique features of Baldi Hot Springs is the resort's commitment to sustainability. The hot springs are heated naturally by the Arenal Volcano, and the resort uses a range of eco-friendly practices, such as solar energy and water conservation measures, to minimize its impact on the environment.

Visitors to Baldi Hot Springs can choose from a range of different packages, depending on their preferences and budget. The resort offers day passes, as well as packages that include lunch or dinner and access to the spa.

Overall, Baldi Hot Springs is a must-visit destination in La Fortuna. With its beautiful hot springs, stunning views, and commitment to sustainability, it is the perfect place to relax and unwind, and an experience that visitors are sure to remember for years to come.

